Artifacts
progress report
retrospective
clear off board
burndown chart


backlog
canvan for sprint



NEED
pip install pyinstaller
pyinstaller --onefile -w C:\Users\isaac\OneDrive\Desktop\GammaRepo\GammaRepo\SnakeEyes\Code\game.py (path to py script)

pyinstaller --onefile -w C:\Users\isaac\OneDrive\Desktop\GammaRepo\GammaRepo\SnakeEyes\Code\game.py
testing branch

So i had an idea for the project. There's a really fun dice game called snake eyes where one person 
rolls 2 dice and everyone playing chooses to stay in or leave for that dice roll. If the roll isnt 
a pair, everyone in who stayed in get that many points, if its a pair, everyone who is still in loses 
the points for that round, its a pair of ones, everyone who is still in loses all the points they've 
collected so far. If you leave before any type of double is rolled you get to keep the points you 
collected in the round that far. Once any doubles have been rolled or everyone has left the round, 
a new round starts. First person to 300 points wins. 

My thought was that this could map pretty cleanly on like a burglary game where each player is a 
robber and you can choose stay to grab more loot or leave with what you have. A system in the back 
would act like the dice roller where it would determine the loot amount on rolls, doubles would be 
an alarm going off and everyone drops their loot for that run and leaves, snake eyes would be cops 
show up and the players get busted and reset. 

If we wanted to add complexety, we could do purchasable modifiers between rounds to add buffs or 
protections, choose between different locations with varying risk/reward modifiers, online multiplayer, 
computer players with different play styles. 

Critical:
-"Snake Eyes" game logic
-local multiplayer user controls on keyboard
-Menu Navigation
-options/settings
-Visual/Audio assets
-Transition/Game state and starts


Extras:
-purchasable modifiers
    -buffs
    -protections
-multiple locations
    -varying risk/reward per locations
-online multiplayer
-cpu players
-cpu player optional dificulty settings


Modifier ideas:

Buffs:
1. 	Double Points: On a specific dice roll (e.g., double sixes), the player's score for that round is doubled.
2.	Free Roll: If the player rolls a certain number combination, they get an extra roll without having to cash out.
3.	Lucky Streak: After a series of successful rolls without cashing out, the player's next score gets a multiplier (e.g., x1.5 or x2).
4.	Hot Dice: Rolling a specific combination (e.g., 5 and 5) grants a temporary buff that adds +1 to each die roll for the next two turns.
5.	Cumulative Boost: If a player rolls the same number three times in a row, they gain an increasing score multiplier (e.g., +0.5x per matching roll).
6.	Bonus Round: If a player rolls "snake eyes" (double ones), they enter a special bonus round where their scores are tripled for three turns.

Protection:

1.	Shield: Rolling certain numbers (e.g., 1 and 6) gives a protection shield that prevents a "RESET" or "SNAKE EYES" penalty for one turn.
2.	Safe Cash Out: Players who roll a specific number (e.g., a pair of threes) can cash out with no penalty, even if they normally would have lost points.
3.	Second Chance: If the player rolls a losing combination (e.g., snake eyes or a reset), they get one chance to roll again before the penalty applies.
4.	Reset Immunity: After cashing out for the first time, the player becomes immune to a reset on their next round.
5.	Dice Swap: On certain rolls, a player can swap one of their dice values with the other, potentially turning a bad roll into a good one.
6.	Roll Rewind: After a bad roll, a protection modifier allows the player to "rewind" one turn and use the previous roll result instead.
